// Any line starting with // is ignored. Empty lines are ignored. 
// Sample secret questions used for extra security when resetting password or comfirming identity. 
// Scrapped from various web sites
// Use LoginModule.ImportSecretQuestions to import these questions into your database. 

//Childhood
What time of the day were you born? (hh:mm)
What was your childhood nickname? 
What was a nickname of your oldest sibling? 
What was the name of your favorite childhood friend? 
What was the name of your grandparent's pet when you were a child? 
What was the name of your first stuffed animal?
Who was your childhood hero? 
What was your pet name when you were a child? 
What was your dream job as a child? 
What was your favorite game as a child?
What was your favorite place to visit as a child?
What was your favorite book when you were a child? 
What was your favorite author when you were a teen? 
What was the name of the daycare facility you attended when you were a child?
What was the street number of the house you grew up in?
What was the street you grew up in?
What was your childhood phone number? (e.g., 000-0000)
What were the last four digits of your childhood telephone number?
Where were you when you had your first kiss? 
What was the first name of the boy or girl that you first kissed?

//School,College
What is the last name of your favorite high school teacher?
What was the name of your elementary / primary school?
What is the name of your favorite childhood teacher?
What school did you attend for sixth grade?
What was the last name of your third grade teacher?
What is the name of a college you applied to but didn't attend?

//Past jobs
In what city or town was your first job?
What is the name of the company of your first job?
What is the name of of the manager at your first job?

//Family
What is your mother's maiden name? 
What is your mother's middle name? 
What is your spouse or partner's mother's maiden name?
What is your maternal grandmother's first name?
What is your paternal grandmother's first name?
What is your maternal grandmother's maiden name?
What is your paternal grandmother's maiden name?
What is your oldest sibling's middle name?
What is your oldest sibling’s birthday month and year? (e.g., January 1900) 
What is the middle name of your oldest child?
What is your oldest cousin's first name?
In what city or town did your mother and father meet? 
In what city does your nearest sibling live? 
What time of the day was your first child born? (hh:mm)

//Personal
What was the make and model of your first car?
To what city did you go on your honeymoon? 
What month and day is your anniversary? (e.g., January 2)
In what town or city did you meet your spouse/partner?
What is the name of the place your wedding reception was held?
Where were you when you first heard about 9/11?
What are the last 4 digits of your Social Security number?

//Interests
What is your favorite food?
What is your favorite color?
What is your preferred musical genre? 
What was the first concert you attended?
What was your favorite music perfomer when you were a teen? 
What is the country of your ultimate dream vacation?
In what city and country do you want to retire? 